I was always like coming into auditions
with the script is really like they're
like and other people come in like I
have it memorized
like you want occasion exit out like
well like he's got options
literally reads the script don't take my
baby please don't take my baby
give me more action I'm like don't take
my baby
how is that guy got the part no I have
orders in the
I definitely think those two have banged
off-screen yeah they don't see their
chemistry
speaking of banging off-screen Jesus and
Mira just walked into the studio thank
you so much for being here you guys are
gonna be at the New York Comedy Festival
November 11 Decca boys live at Madison
Square Garden no cuz I don't know is
anybody into astrology is it 11 like a
special number there are certain numbers
like 666 certain things that 420 yeah
yeah but 1111 make-a-wish
I still do that never worked it worked
or like an eyelash on your nose like
nobody's following Jesus or listening to
every single one of you a god like you
was like I made all the planets no your
asshole
it's an eyelash I'll get my mitts on any
even if I think it's complete hog
I'm like I'll take the goddamn to make
do to make me feel better about living
in New York I've started throwing coins
in the water on the train tracks yeah
cuz I do that in Disney World right and
make that is so so you're like I wish my
train come sometime do you ever miss the
puddle so how you doing you're like a
rat in a rat fur statue a worse you can
slash up some of the water gets on your
Valerie now what is pretty a
opaque so I don't know if dissolving did
you see like a smoke coming out of the
friend
pretty sure NYPD will give you a ticket
for that you want to throw penny on the
track I'll throw a penny on the
track how about you yes do you think
about how much money you've just lost by
like pulling money out of your pocket
just you thrown away in the trash with
like just cleaning out pockets or purse
everything I lose I lose I just shed
debit cards throughout the film I
dropped about I wanna say like just four
quarters yeah but it's like it was like
on 53rd Street and there's all these
people around and like like people
recognize me I was like Darby seeing
Daniel over for four quarters Sewer
trying to get the corner with like
somebody more if I saw like Robert De
Niro such a real guy you drop change
just a dime drops into the gum yeah
fishing it out I just sometimes leave it
oh hey there's a diamond I'm like I
don't you just feel like yeah you have
the time to dig in the double bubble for
your time I'm sure you guys have heard
it before like who's this person yeah is
people coming directly to us like who
are you I know you from
so money I don't know that local news it
happens a lot of like other people on
the streets like oldies and marrow
you'll get like oh you guys have a show
coming out on Showtime yes what's going
on with that right now it's just it's
just a rip of Ray Donovan I mean it's
just another season of shameless but
like I replace Willem H mazing and he
plays one of the kids it's similar to
our last show but you know what process
are you in and what what when is this
gonna be on do we know a date are you as
2019 still early you guys I love this
point you have the deal like do not say
the air day on the air on any show you
can't say anything everything is being
worked on like it's all coming together
beautifully we're like super excited I'm
just like about the announcement is the
deadline that's almost like most of it
you know is just announcing that you so
you guys are in that perfect position of
having announced it and gotten all the
congratulations and you're a big but you
haven't you haven't had to show us
anything yet so it's all excitement it's
all we only expect the greatest from you
it's noticeable I love that phase
between announcement inched and showed a
delightful feeling yeah well we're kind
of getting a different result now
because people on Twitter
because you know people on Twitter hey
everything they're already like wow
they're like oh you guys blew your you
blew your load yeah should've been on
air today you guys should be covered I'm
like the world is looking exist yeah
okay and because you guys used to do
four days a week yeah how was that how
was the grind of that it was like it was
all off the cuff improv like just
riffing because we met other comedians
who work four nights a week and they're
like bro they're like how do you do be
yourselves
yeah and it's what it's wild because
they're like oh man it's like me and my
30 writers I was like 30 writers other
you how do you pay them how do you we
just go in and and but it was fun
because then you had like if something
happened you had an immediate platform
to react to something yeah now it's like
something happens you might send like
one tweet like huh What's it feel like
yeah not doing it every day people
comment to you they're like oh I wish
get your viewpoint on this yeah yeah and
I'll be able to basically stone the two
am like here's my viewpoint via Twitter
yes I have 200 characters now it's it's
the same way I feel about this show it's
like I just it's my it's four days a
week for two hours and I just there's no
sky literally walked in at 10:03 today I
was late it's just you just talking
people are like how is is such a grind
anyway I just in myself and I get to
just talk with my friends it's the great
we aren't the greatest I have the
greatest job because you're yourself
yeah you gonna come here and like get
jammed up and be like I'll go into a
character mood you show up you don't get
ready look like
it is just so nice to have carved out of
a place in this business for myself
where I don't have to like prepare what
you get what I've gotten fired for in
every other job just running my dumb
yeah yeah yeah you think about all those
times in the past like if I had said
that Jesus Amaro are here in studio
Rachel Feinstein is also here make sure
to check them out of the New York Comedy
Festival
November 11th Bodega boys live at
Madison Square Gardens is it just you
guys at Madison Square Garden we're not
doing like Drake levels and there could
be Kanye
floating on the stage above you guys
were lowered onto the stage I would
respect that if you're ever going to be
lowered oh yeah with strings we talked
about that and it's just like that comes
out of our own pocket and then knowing
us we like to cut edges I'm like I'll
just hold the string while you go down
you don't pay for everything else is
like can I have like a microphone on a
standard like that's $45,000 like
pyrotechnics you know we made it yeah we
really monitors and like that like
I don't know trillion dollars yeah you
only get two like you two levels like
it's unnecessarily like flying in a
helicopter petting you like you could
have some fred's or something I wish
speedo like there's so many like
[Laughter]
I like the card I like to fill my wallet
with different you know I actually I
just used the Starbucks app it got
really I haven't used in a while
it got really fancy I tried to order
from a moving car and for pickup yeah it
got well sassy it was like um you were
seven minutes away it's gonna take three
minutes to order this drink order when
you get closer when you get closer you
can make your order sir okay I have a
line it's really my most used app I get
Starbucks three times a day and I always
use the mobile app I look at people in
line maybe idiots just coming like
impatient you're like the latte for Niki
yeah I use the app that's dude you gotta
push out so like the people at the bar
like meg Ryan on Harry Met Sally the
most specific order ever but it just
sounds like a woman who knows will true
I hate my orders I always feel so bad at
Starbucks it's it's it's a venti
traditional me Stowe I don't know it
which amis Stowe is half coffee half
steamed soy it is a it's a bitch latte
it's like it's it's not as strong as a
latte and it's less milk it's not as
like milky as a lot you're worth it
you're worth I had never heard the word
me stove
[Music]
amis so it's a cafe au lait but
Starbucks uses Italian phrases not
French so you have to say me Stowe it's
it but it is a cafe au lait which is a
common order in a French cafe okay and
let me just say 50% of people don't know
where to find it in the computer they're
always like where's the Mesa like it is
a weird order then okay so then I get
with almond they don't call it almond
milk they call it almond drink
so it's alt with almond milk and said
regular light soy and then I do a splash
of soy which that confuses people
because it should just be then I am
adding soy but I recently found out the
soy milk there has like like a candy
bars amount of sugar because I chug
things too much I'm a chugger and and
that slows me down from chugging because
it will so it keeps me at a normal pace
that people tend to sip coffee it keeps
me sipping so and oftentimes they will
only fill it up to like here because if
I wanted a grande they don't ask you if
you want space either they just give it
to you I don't I never want Jewish
whisper to their man
letter writer everything what'd she get
stuff from it she she gets so much
like I had never known of this strategy
if you get something up you write
an angry but well worded email or letter
if you if you physically write a
letter this is bizarre right certified
mail so that to the head of the company
so that they have to Wow like literally
right like so all kinds of free all
kinds of vision very petty stupid thing
got an Entenmann's cake from like the
supermarket it was bad had like mold on
the bottom she was like took pictures of
it was like this cake had mold
on the bottom I demand my money back ba
ba ba ba ba ba ba super I give her a
hard time she's like I'm going to
corporate wrote a like was a
brick-and-mortar
letter sent it and then intimate sent
back like a giant envelope full
of like yell free Entenmann's forever
this still then it's like Charlie's
golden ticket they're like all over my
house like I've lift on my couch cushon
it's like oh one kunti note and you get
like a yeah china lights on the fishes
just the idea of writing a physical that
is so exhausted I was like you so stamps
everyone was like we don't tell home
stamps I was like no no
you see the windows and you just see the
person sitting over there like did I
turn the light on
no so go back online I say next package
next day or overnight I'm like overnight
overnight is not next day overnight Mesa
will reach there 9 o'clock
next day means it will reach to the next
day if you would read the website before
you directions on the website excuse me
I've done the thing before where I've
called Starbucks because I've called
Garmin just because I know they'll throw
me a free drink on talk to someone
online it and what you do is you go I'm
a loyal customer I swear like I you just
present yourself as someone who like
I've spent a lot of money here and I
will continue to look I have a good
customer I've never given a manage in
job yeah yeah just yeah because this
five bucks for coffee I just I have that
just I'm a lady that can drop five
dollars on the street and it's not gonna
pain me it's I'm not in a position where
five dollars is really that much money
but when you're spending that much on a
cup of coffee
I demand excellent this is water and
beans behind really
you're making minimum wage you and I've
heard the other side and it was worse
because it wasn't a standalone Starbucks
it was a Starbucks within a Barnes and
Noble people go and they're obnoxious
and they ordered this you and
they leave shitty spill on blogs
then it's my fault and the boss comes up
he's like you know they're not supposed
to be reading up here you supposing you
know politely tell them to has weird
look I don't like gives a thousand-yard
stare the entire Snickers pile completed
by product but never serviced because I
was just I've been so terrible at every
single one of my job
I don't Lee fired from every place and
fired like in under four hours before
that I'm like job and they called I was
just a four day job and it was just
answering phones and they called me on
day two and said you don't need to come
back that was it really gets not
temporary enough yeah I understand what
you're saying service I never complain
when my dad does I think what dad's
never understand that though it's not
the waitresses fault that food is late
yeah yeah yeah it's so rarely the
waitresses fault but they cannot think
is not her fault that she's just waiting
there I go cuz she's waiting for the
kitchen what is she supposed to do it's
um but yeah what's what jobs are you
been fired four hours only
that's crazy fired from a store called
fat shoes
clothes on Broadway and I thought I was
so fun like with a pH the truth cuz I
got that job I remember was my first job
in here I thought I was like a Beastie
Boy I'm like I work on Broadway - place
called fat shoes yeah I was like I told
everyone I'm like I'm working on
Broadway bad shoes and clothes because I
was telling all my friends at home I'm
like don't call me as much you know like
I'm working that's it like and then it
was so humiliated because I was fired in
under forever because I was supposed to
get people to buy the clothes and I
can't do they can't bother people like
that when you walk in a store he's like
yeah bothering like you should I can't
and so I was supposed to do that and
fold
I can't fold my food was a slovenly
disaster he's like are you a woman like
he was so disgusted with my folds my
phones were like right away I remember
him glaring at me like she had a
suspicious I don't know she's using the
board and she still can get it right so
bad for people in retail inventory until
evolved and yeah and then they got they
got a guy fired for like scamming and
stealing from so then like they had to
do like an instant promotion and they
promote the guy with straight back
cornrows and gold fronts to the floor to
where Ann Taylor blouses and like tell
people like tell Hasidic Jewish women
you look great in this floor length
skirt in the sales section you know I'm
saying it was the worst ever like
people like are like whoa this says this
price tag doesn't match this price tag
I'm switching but I was like you can't
switch price tags on I'm and I'm
just like overwhelmed I put me back into
Vettori please no Reventon at the gap on
34th feet during Christmas
[Music]
everything that happens is just
continuous Christmas music on a loop in
the background just jingle all we had to
do was watch to make more sure the
register from the basement got to the
security room but the register would be
like every time they do anything about
it that was your only job I had the yeah
I was the bag shoplifting thing you
realize like anyone can shoplift they
can't do anything about it but you
always get that one employee that wants
to go to extra maybe they try not to be
a cop in making now they work in
Victoria's Secret you know you're not
getting out here with that pair of
panties no this tase you on the middle
34c in the crowd like you can just drop
like they can't if you give up they
don't care protect the shoplift thank
God the laws protect us
thing went off and I'd never been caught
since but I am no I the thing went off
and it beeped in the woman came out and
I could have just kept walking you just
go oh sorry Thomas someone else and when
they stop it does beep and I haven't
stolen just like Eric used white girl
shrug color drains from your face in a
way and you just freeze in a way that
everyone knows you're guilty and then
take off sprint bodega boy you're not
sold by these guys right now if you're
not ready listening you're gonna be
bodega voices they're podcast available
on itunes go see them thanks for having
us
November Square Garden do not miss it
you guys are so funny and fun thank you
for being shocked if I'm in town I'll be
there we do shop live that physical
desert I need to get back into it anyway
[Music]
you